Key retrieval for Brel Home app (#21840)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/motion_blinds.markdown

<img src='/images/integrations/motion_blinds/Motion_App__get_key_2.jpg' />
</p>

### Brel Home app

In the Brel Home app on iOS go to the `me` page (home screen 4th tab), on the bottom of this page multi-tap on the “version x.x.x(xxxx)” gray info and a pop-up with the key will be shown.

> In the Brel Home app on Android go to the `me` page (home screen 4th tab), tap 5 times on the rightside of the photo place and a pop-up with the key will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Brel Home app on Android go to the `me` page (home screen 4th tab), tap 5 times on the right side of the photo place and a pop-up with the key will be shown.
```
